this video is part 4 of a series click
the annotation for the previous episodes
my name is Bethany Beach and I want
views this is my final shot this is my
youtube spectacular
hey guys yeah I'm awesome baby Todd be
quiet I'm vlogging yeah Chocolate Rain
I don't know the words because it's lame
Chocolate Rain I'm putting my makeup on
on camera
give me views
so hi-yah I can't do this one it's too
nauseating Chocolate Rain this son makes
me want to shoot my brain Chocolate Rain
I like turtles
Jiali bit my finger that hurts your arm
edge
what the hell jeez I'm an orange
and I'll annoying aha Annoying Orange oh
my god you rock dude I love you and
you're awesome puns say well now this
isn't the time or the place
haha awesome fish puns seriously I can't
I've got a haddock boom another one oh
my god actually speaking of cod look at
me I'm playing call of duty and then
I'll talk about it later in voiceover
yeah because that's interesting my name
is philip defranco and you've just been
phill'd in and I'm a noob what the book
please rate comment share and subscribe
because if this doesn't get views then